update docs before the first release (#60)
kubernetes-sigs/ingress2gateway: README.md

## Usage

Ingress2gateway reads Ingress resources and/or provider-specifc CRDs from a Kubernetes cluster or a file. It will output the equivalent Gateway API resources in a YAML/JSON format
to stdout. To run ingress2gateway with default options simply run:

```
ingress2gateway print
```

This above command will:

> 1. Read your Kube config file to extract the cluster connection and the current-active namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Read your Kube config file to extract the cluster credentials and the current active namespace.
```

> 2. Search for ingresses and for provider specific resources in that namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Search for ingresses and provider-specific resources in that namespace.
```

| `rules[].http.paths[].backend`  | The backend specified here will be translated to a HTTPRoute `rules[].backendRefs[]` element.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

### Provider-Specific Support

Ingress2gateway also supports translating provider-specific resources and ingress annotations to Gateway-API resources.

#### Current supported providers:

- [ingress-nginx](pkg/i2gw/providers/ingressnginx/README.md)

> If your provider is not currently supported, please feel free to open an issue and provide a description of your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your provider, or a specific feature, is not currently supported, please open an issue and describe your use case.
```
